[release] add doc on reverting release changes (#4537)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/contribution-guidelines/releasing.md

- Post to Kubernetes slack in #kubernetes-operators and #operator-sdk-dev.
- In the [GitHub milestone][gh-milestones], bump any open issues to the following release.

**Note**

> In case there are errors while building binaries for the released tag, you may have to revert the release. To do so, create a PR which reverts step [2][release_PR]. If there are changes in go modules of the underlying commit which caused the failure, it is suggested that we skip that particular version and release the next version.

Reviewer: Is there an example of the go modules causing the failure? And why do the binaries builds fail?

Reviewer 2: It isn't just binaries, it's any part of the build process.
```suggestion
In case there are non-transient errors while building the release job, you must
1. Revert the release PR. To do so, create a PR which reverts step [2][release_PR].
2. Fix what broke in the release branch.
3. Re-run the release with an incremented minor version to avoid Go module errors (ex. if v1.3.1 broke, then re-run the release as v1.3.2). Patch versions are cheap so this is not a big deal.
```

> In case there are errors while building binaries for the released tag, you may have to revert the release. To do so, create a PR which reverts step [2][release_PR]. If there are changes in go modules of the underlying commit which caused the failure, it is suggested that we skip that particular version and release the next version.

Reviewer: We could also just do this `[2](#2-create-and-merge-a-new-pr)` for the link. it's pretty short since it's just a nametag.

- Post to Kubernetes slack in #kubernetes-operators and #operator-sdk-dev.
- In the [GitHub milestone][gh-milestones], bump any open issues to the following release.

**Note**
In case there are non-transient errors while building the release job, you must:
1. Revert the release PR. To do so, create a PR which reverts step [2](#2-create-and-merge-a-new-pr).
2. Fix what broke in the release branch.
3. Re-run the release with an incremented minor version to avoid Go module errors (ex. if v1.3.1 broke, then re-run the release as v1.3.2). Patch versions are cheap so this is not a big deal.

> ## Further reading

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Further reading
```

[of-ggroup]:https://groups.google.com/g/operator-framework
[gh-milestones]:https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/milestones
[Makefile]:https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/blob/master/Makefile

> [release_PR]: /docs/contribution-guidelines/releasing/#2-create-and-merge-a-new-pr

Reviewer: I think this just needs to be the tag: `#2-create-and-merge-a-new-pr`
